Update with-aws-amplify with TypeScript (#41815)
vercel/next.js: examples/with-aws-amplify-typescript/README.md

## Deprecated

> The main [`with-aws-amplify`](../with-aws-amplify) example has been refactored to use TypeScript, so this example is deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main [`with-aws-amplify`](../with-aws-amplify) example has been refactored to use TypeScript so please visit that example instead.
```
